Two related yet distinct pedagogical goals:
	1: Understanding Booth's Multiplication Algorithm on computer registers (ie "the how of it")
	2: Understanding the mathematical underpinnings behind the algorithm    (ie "the why of it")

To meet these goals, two usages of our final product were conceived. They may be conflicting:
	1: Deliver a stand-alone algorithm visualization for goal 1. This is meant to be integrated with
		classroom instruction and should presuppose no foreknowledge of the subject
	2: Deliver entire product, including 1, a hypertextbook with a discussion of the mathematics
		and a second visualization for student practice with "Booth's Encoding", related to the math

Some concerns along the way:
	-The utility of usage 1 in meeting its goal is questioned. There is a possibility that higher
		understanding of the hardware implementation would be facillitated by some discussion of the
		mathematics as context.
	-On the other hand, conceptualizing the final product so that the first visualization follows any
		discussion of the math may violate the goal of assuming no prior knowledge.
	-Usage 1 is the primary usage foreseen for this product, as it allows instructors the greatest
		flexibility and is standard to most Computer Design courses. Usage 2 is perhaps a superior
		pedagogical tool but would require a greater deal of openess on the part of the instructor to
		incorporate it into the classroom.
	-Although the two visualizations are of related algorithms, they are indeed distinct (given 
		the distinct goals that shape them) and should be kept into distinct modules. This is
		especially significant since a perception of the product based only	on usage 2 could
		develop, isolating professors who might otherwise utilize usage 1.

Based on these considerations, a prototype format was agreed upon: The first visualization would be
available as a stand-alone, with a link to the hypertext in the info tab. The hypertext would be the 
bridge between the two visualizations, linking the register logic to the mathematical logic, and
using the second visualization as a teaching aid for the mathematics. The format for the text has
not yet been discussed, but one possibility might be to have the text start with a discussion of the
mathematics, since the two kinds of students who would be reading this are either those in the
second use case, who might be benefited from given a context first, or else those students who have
come from the first use case, who would at that point be familiar with the hardware algorithm and 
seeking a deeper understanding of the algorithm.
